tidb_enable_window_function can control the keyword list (#20536)
pingcap/docs: keywords.md

Starting from v7.5.3 and v7.6.0, TiDB provides a full list of keywords in the [`INFORMATION_SCHEMA.KEYWORDS`](/information-schema/information-schema-keywords.md) table.

> You can use the system variable [`tidb_enable_window_function`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_window_function) to control whether the keywords in R-Window take effect in the syntax tree. If you set `tidb_enable_window_function` to `OFF`, the words in R-Window will no longer be treated as keywords.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the system variable [`tidb_enable_window_function`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_window_function) to control whether the keywords in the [window function](/functions-and-operators/window-functions.md) take effect in the syntax tree. If you set `tidb_enable_window_function` to `OFF`, the words in the window function will no longer be treated as keywords.
```

> You can use the system variable [`tidb_enable_window_function`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_window_function) to control whether the keywords in the [window function](/functions-and-operators/window-functions.md) take effect in the syntax tree. If you set `tidb_enable_window_function` to `OFF`, the words in the window function will no longer be treated as keywords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the [`tidb_enable_window_function`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_window_function) system variable to control whether the keywords in the [window function](/functions-and-operators/window-functions.md) take effect in the syntax tree. If you set `tidb_enable_window_function` to `OFF`, the words in the window function will no longer be treated as keywords.
```
